README.md, before:

# CodeInterviewAssist

> ## ⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTICE TO THE COMMUNITY ⚠️
> 
> **This is a free, open-source initiative - NOT a full-service product!**
> 
> There are numerous paid interview preparation tools charging hundreds of dollars for comprehensive features like live audio capture, automated answer generation, and more. This project is fundamentally different:
> 
> - This is a **small, non-profit, community-driven project** with zero financial incentive behind it
> - The entire codebase is freely available for anyone to use, modify, or extend
> - Want features like voice support? You're welcome to integrate tools like OpenAI's Whisper or other APIs
> - New features should come through **community contributions** - it's unreasonable to expect a single maintainer to implement premium features for free
> - The maintainer receives no portfolio benefit, monetary compensation, or recognition for this work
> 
> **Before submitting feature requests or expecting personalized support, please understand this project exists purely as a community resource.** If you value what's been created, the best way to show appreciation is by contributing code, documentation, or helping other users.

> ## 🔑 API KEY INFORMATION - UPDATED
>
> We have tested and confirmed that **Gemini, OpenAI, and Anthropic APIs work properly** with the current version. If you are experiencing issues with your API keys:
>
> - Try deleting your API key entry from the config file located in your user data directory
> - Log out and log back in to the application
> - Check your API key dashboard to verify the key is active and has sufficient credits
> - Ensure you're using the correct API key format (OpenAI keys start with "sk-", Anthropic keys start with "sk-ant-")
>
> The configuration file is stored at: `C:\Users\[USERNAME]\AppData\Roaming\interview-coder-v1\config.json` (on Windows) or `/Users/[USERNAME]/Library/Application Support/interview-coder-v1/config.json` (on macOS)

## Free, Open-Source AI-Powered Interview Preparation Tool

This project provides a powerful alternative to premium coding interview platforms. It delivers the core functionality of paid interview preparation tools but in a free, open-source package. Using your own API key (OpenAI, Gemini, or Anthropic), you get access to advanced features like AI-powered problem analysis, solution generation, and debugging assistance - all running locally on your machine.

### Why This Exists

The best coding interview tools are often behind expensive paywalls, making them inaccessible to many students and job seekers. This project provides the same powerful functionality without the cost barrier, letting you:

- Use your own API key (pay only for what you use)
- Run everything locally on your machine with complete privacy
- Make customizations to suit your specific needs
- Learn from and contribute to an open-source tool

### Customization Possibilities

The codebase is designed to be adaptable:

- **AI Models**: Currently supports OpenAI, Gemini, and Anthropic (Claude) models. You can modify the code to integrate with other providers like Deepseek, Llama, or any model with an API. All integration code is in `electron/ProcessingHelper.ts` and UI settings are in `src/components/Settings/SettingsDialog.tsx`.
- **Languages**: Add support for additional programming languages
- **Features**: Extend the functionality with new capabilities 
- **UI**: Customize the interface to your preferences

All it takes is modest JavaScript/TypeScript knowledge and understanding of the API you want to integrate.

## Features

- 🎯 99% Invisibility: Undetectable window that bypasses most screen capture methods
- 📸 Smart Screenshot Capture: Capture both question text and code separately for better analysis
- 🤖 AI-Powered Analysis: Automatically extracts and analyzes coding problems using advanced AI models
- 💡 Solution Generation: Get detailed explanations and solutions with time/space complexity analysis
- 🔧 Real-time Debugging: Debug your code with AI assistance and structured feedback
- 🎨 Advanced Window Management: Freely move, resize, change opacity, and zoom the window
- 🔄 Model Selection: Choose between different models for extraction, solution generation, and debugging
- 📝 Multiple Choice Support: New MCQ mode for analyzing and answering multiple-choice questions
- 🔒 Privacy-Focused: Your API key and data never leave your computer except for API calls to your chosen provider

## Dual Mode Support

The application now supports two different modes to handle different types of interview questions:

### Coding Mode
The classic mode designed for programming questions:
- Extract problem statements, constraints, and examples from screenshots
- Generate complete, optimized code solutions with detailed explanations
- Provide time and space complexity analysis
- Debug code with structured feedback

### MCQ Mode (New!)
A specialized mode for multiple-choice questions:
- Extract questions and answer options from screenshots
- Identify the correct answer with detailed explanations
- Provide analysis of why each option is correct or incorrect
- Highlight key concepts being tested in each question

Switch between modes easily through the Settings dialog. The app will automatically save your preference and optimize extraction and analysis for your selected mode.

## Global Commands

The application uses unidentifiable global keyboard shortcuts that won't be detected by browsers or other applications:

- Toggle Window Visibility: [Control or Cmd + B]
- Move Window: [Control or Cmd + Arrow keys]
- Take Screenshot: [Control or Cmd + H]
- Toggle between MCQ and Coding mode: [Control or Cmd + M]
- Delete Last Screenshot: [Control or Cmd + L]
- Process Screenshots: [Control or Cmd + Enter]
- Start New Problem: [Control or Cmd + R]
- Quit: [Control or Cmd + Q]
- Decrease Opacity: [Control or Cmd + []
- Increase Opacity: [Control or Cmd + ]]
- Zoom Out: [Control or Cmd + -]
- Reset Zoom: [Control or Cmd + 0]
- Zoom In: [Control or Cmd + =]

## Invisibility Compatibility

The application is invisible to:

- Zoom versions below 6.1.6 (inclusive)
- All browser-based screen recording software
- All versions of Discord
- Mac OS _screenshot_ functionality (Command + Shift + 3/4)

Note: The application is **NOT** invisible to:

- Zoom versions 6.1.6 and above
  - https://zoom.en.uptodown.com/mac/versions (link to downgrade Zoom if needed)
- Mac OS native screen _recording_ (Command + Shift + 5)

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or bun package manager
- API Key from one of the supported providers (OpenAI, Gemini, or Anthropic)
- Screen Recording Permission for Terminal/IDE
  - On macOS:
    1. Go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Screen Recording
    2. Ensure that CodeInterviewAssist has screen recording permission enabled
    3. Restart CodeInterviewAssist after enabling permissions
  - On Windows:
    - No additional permissions needed
  - On Linux:
    - May require `xhost` access depending on your distribution

## Running the Application

### Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/greeneu/interview-coder-withoupaywall-opensource.git
cd interview-coder-withoupaywall-opensource
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. **RECOMMENDED**: Clean any previous builds:

```bash
npm run clean
```

4. Run the appropriate script for your platform:

**For Windows:**
```bash
stealth-run.bat
```

**For macOS/Linux:**
```bash
# Make the script executable first
chmod +x stealth-run.sh
./stealth-run.sh
```

**IMPORTANT**: The application window will be invisible by default! Use Ctrl+B (or Cmd+B on Mac) to toggle visibility.

### Building Distributable Packages

To create installable packages for distribution:

**For macOS (DMG):**
```bash
# Using npm
npm run package-mac

# Or using yarn
yarn package-mac
```

**For Windows (Installer):**
```bash
# Using npm
npm run package-win

# Or using yarn
yarn package-win
```

The packaged applications will be available in the `release` directory.

**What the scripts do:**
- Create necessary directories for the application
- Clean previous builds to ensure a fresh start
- Build the application in production mode
- Launch the application in invisible mode

### Using the MCQ Mode

To use the new Multiple Choice Question (MCQ) mode:

1. **Switch to MCQ mode:**
   - Open the Settings dialog (gear icon)
   - In the "App Mode" section, select "MCQ Mode" 
   - Save your settings

2. **Capture MCQ questions:**
   - Take screenshots of multiple choice questions using [Control or Cmd + H]
   - The AI will recognize question text and options in various formats (numbered, lettered, etc.)

3. **Process the MCQ screenshots:**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + Enter] to analyze the screenshots
   - The system will extract questions, identify options, and determine the correct answers

4. **View detailed MCQ analysis:**
   - For each question, you'll see:
     - The full question text with all options
     - The correct answer clearly identified
     - Detailed explanation of why the answer is correct
     - Analysis of why other options are incorrect
     - Key concepts being tested in the question

5. **Start a new MCQ session:**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + R] to clear the current session and start fresh

The MCQ mode works with various question formats, including:
- Standard numbered questions (1, 2, 3...)
- Lettered questions (a, b, c...)
- Questions with lettered options (A, B, C, D)
- Questions with numbered options (1, 2, 3, 4)

### Notes & Troubleshooting

- **Window Manager Compatibility**: Some window management tools (like Rectangle Pro on macOS) may interfere with the app's window movement. Consider disabling them temporarily.

- **API Usage**: Be mindful of your API key's rate limits and credit usage. Vision API calls are more expensive than text-only calls.

- **LLM Customization**: You can easily customize the app to include other LLMs by modifying the API calls in `ProcessingHelper.ts` and related UI components.

- **Common Issues**:
  - Run `npm run clean` before starting the app for a fresh build
  - Use Ctrl+B/Cmd+B multiple times if the window doesn't appear
  - Adjust window opacity with Ctrl+[/]/Cmd+[/] if needed
  - For macOS: ensure script has execute permissions (`chmod +x stealth-run.sh`)
  - For MCQ mode: if question extraction is inconsistent, try capturing clearer screenshots

## Comparison with Paid Interview Tools

| Feature | Premium Tools (Paid) | CodeInterviewAssist (This Project) |
|---------|------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Price | $60/month subscription | Free (only pay for your API usage) |
| Solution Generation | ✅ | ✅ |
| Debugging Assistance | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multiple Choice Support | ✅ | ✅ |
| Invisibility | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multi-language Support | ✅ | ✅ |
| Time/Space Complexity Analysis | ✅ | ✅ |
| Window Management | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multiple AI Provider Support | ❌ | ✅ |
| Auth System | Required | None (Simplified) |
| Payment Processing | Required | None (Use your own API key) |
| Privacy | Server-processed | 100% Local Processing |
| Customization | Limited | Full Source Code Access |
| Model Selection | Limited | Choice Between Models |

## Tech Stack

- Electron
- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Radix UI Components
- OpenAI/Gemini/Claude API Integration

## How It Works

1. **Initial Setup**
   - Launch the invisible window
   - Enter your API key in the settings
   - Choose your preferred model for extraction, solution generation, and debugging
   - Select your preferred mode (Coding or MCQ)

2. **Capturing Problems**
   - Use global shortcut [Control or Cmd + H] to take screenshots
   - Screenshots are automatically added to the queue
   - If needed, remove the last screenshot with [Control or Cmd + L]

3. **Processing**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + Enter] to analyze the screenshots
   - AI extracts problem requirements or MCQ questions from the screenshots
   - The model generates solutions or answers based on the extracted information
   - All analysis is done using your personal API key

4. **Solution & Debugging**
   - **Coding Mode**: View generated solutions with detailed explanations and complexity analysis
   - **MCQ Mode**: Get detailed analysis of each question with correct answers and explanations
   - Use debugging feature by taking more screenshots of error messages or code (Coding mode)
   - Get structured analysis with identified issues, corrections, and optimizations
   - Toggle between solutions and queue views as needed

5. **Window Management**
   - Move window using [Control or Cmd + Arrow keys]
   - Toggle visibility with [Control or Cmd + B]
   - Adjust opacity with [Control or Cmd + [] and [Control or Cmd + ]]
   - Window remains invisible to specified screen sharing applications
   - Start a new problem using [Control or Cmd + R]

6. **Language Selection**
   - Easily switch between programming languages with a single click
   - Use arrow keys for keyboard navigation through available languages
   - The system dynamically adapts to any languages added or removed from the codebase
   - Your language preference is saved between sessions

## Configuration

- **API Key**: Your personal API key is stored locally and only used for API calls to your chosen provider
- **API Provider**: Choose between OpenAI, Gemini, and Anthropic (Claude)
- **Mode Selection**: Choose between Coding Mode and MCQ Mode based on your interview type
- **Model Selection**: Select different models for each stage of processing:
  - Problem Extraction: Analyzes screenshots to understand the problem
  - Solution Generation: Creates solutions with explanations
  - Debugging: Provides detailed analysis of errors and improvement suggestions
- **Language**: Select your preferred programming language for solutions (in Coding mode)
- **Window Controls**: Adjust opacity, position, and zoom level using keyboard shortcuts
- **All settings are stored locally** in your user data directory and persist between sessions

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0).

### What This Means

- You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software
- If you modify the code, you must make your changes available under the same license
- If you run a modified version on a network server, you must make the source code available to users
- We strongly encourage you to contribute improvements back to the main project

See the [LICENSE-SHORT](LICENSE-SHORT) file for a summary of terms or visit [GNU AGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) for the full license text.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Disclaimer and Ethical Usage

This tool is intended as a learning aid and practice assistant. While it can help you understand problems and solution approaches during interviews, consider these ethical guidelines:

- Be honest about using assistance tools if asked directly in an interview
- Use this tool to learn concepts, not just to get answers
- Recognize that understanding solutions is more valuable than simply presenting them
- In take-home assignments, make sure you thoroughly understand any solutions you submit

Remember that the purpose of technical interviews is to assess your problem-solving skills and understanding. This tool works best when used to enhance your learning, not as a substitute for it.

## Support and Questions

If you have questions or need support, please open an issue on the GitHub repository.

---

> **Remember:** This is a community resource. If you find it valuable, consider contributing rather than just requesting features. The project grows through collective effort, not individual demands.

Commit message:

Add TextInput component and enhance IPC handlers for app relaunch and focus prevention

README.md, after:

# CodeInterviewAssist

> ## ⚠️ IMPORTANT NOTICE TO THE COMMUNITY ⚠️
> 
> **This is a free, open-source initiative - NOT a full-service product!**
> 
> There are numerous paid interview preparation tools charging hundreds of dollars for comprehensive features like live audio capture, automated answer generation, and more. This project is fundamentally different:
> 
> - This is a **small, non-profit, community-driven project** with zero financial incentive behind it
> - The entire codebase is freely available for anyone to use, modify, or extend
> - Want features like voice support? You're welcome to integrate tools like OpenAI's Whisper or other APIs
> - New features should come through **community contributions** - it's unreasonable to expect a single maintainer to implement premium features for free
> - The maintainer receives no portfolio benefit, monetary compensation, or recognition for this work
> 
> **Before submitting feature requests or expecting personalized support, please understand this project exists purely as a community resource.** If you value what's been created, the best way to show appreciation is by contributing code, documentation, or helping other users.

> ## 🔑 API KEY INFORMATION - UPDATED
>
> We have tested and confirmed that **Gemini, OpenAI, and Anthropic APIs work properly** with the current version. If you are experiencing issues with your API keys:
>
> - Try deleting your API key entry from the config file located in your user data directory
> - Log out and log back in to the application
> - Check your API key dashboard to verify the key is active and has sufficient credits
> - Ensure you're using the correct API key format (OpenAI keys start with "sk-", Anthropic keys start with "sk-ant-")
>
> The configuration file is stored at: `C:\Users\[USERNAME]\AppData\Roaming\interview-coder-v1\config.json` (on Windows) or `/Users/[USERNAME]/Library/Application Support/interview-coder-v1/config.json` (on macOS)

## Free, Open-Source AI-Powered Interview Preparation Tool

This project provides a powerful alternative to premium coding interview platforms. It delivers the core functionality of paid interview preparation tools but in a free, open-source package. Using your own API key (OpenAI, Gemini, or Anthropic), you get access to advanced features like AI-powered problem analysis, solution generation, and debugging assistance - all running locally on your machine.

### Why This Exists

The best coding interview tools are often behind expensive paywalls, making them inaccessible to many students and job seekers. This project provides the same powerful functionality without the cost barrier, letting you:

- Use your own API key (pay only for what you use)
- Run everything locally on your machine with complete privacy
- Make customizations to suit your specific needs
- Learn from and contribute to an open-source tool

### Customization Possibilities

The codebase is designed to be adaptable:

- **AI Models**: Currently supports OpenAI, Gemini, and Anthropic (Claude) models. You can modify the code to integrate with other providers like Deepseek, Llama, or any model with an API. All integration code is in `electron/ProcessingHelper.ts` and UI settings are in `src/components/Settings/SettingsDialog.tsx`.
- **Languages**: Add support for additional programming languages
- **Features**: Extend the functionality with new capabilities 
- **UI**: Customize the interface to your preferences

All it takes is modest JavaScript/TypeScript knowledge and understanding of the API you want to integrate.

## Features

- 🎯 99% Invisibility: Undetectable window that bypasses most screen capture methods
- 📸 Smart Screenshot Capture: Capture both question text and code separately for better analysis
- 🤖 AI-Powered Analysis: Automatically extracts and analyzes coding problems using advanced AI models
- 💡 Solution Generation: Get detailed explanations and solutions with time/space complexity analysis
- 🔧 Real-time Debugging: Debug your code with AI assistance and structured feedback
- 🎨 Advanced Window Management: Freely move, resize, change opacity, and zoom the window
- 🔄 Model Selection: Choose between different models for extraction, solution generation, and debugging
- 📝 Multiple Choice Support: New MCQ mode for analyzing and answering multiple-choice questions
- 🔒 Privacy-Focused: Your API key and data never leave your computer except for API calls to your chosen provider

## Latest Enhancements (v2.1.0)

### Enhanced Stealth Mode

We've significantly improved the stealth functionality with the following updates:

- **Ultra-Low Profile UI**: Completely redesigned interface with minimal visual elements, reduced contrast, and smaller components that are harder to detect
- **Text Input Functionality**: Added the ability to provide text context alongside screenshots, allowing for more precise debugging and solutions
- **Application Resilience**: New app restart functionality (Ctrl+Alt+R shortcut) that helps recover from unresponsive states without returning to the terminal
- **Focus Prevention**: Improved window focus handling to prevent the app from hiding when interacting with the text field
- **Subtle Notifications**: Redesigned toast notifications to be smaller, less obvious, and placed in a more discreet location
- **Reduced Visual Signatures**: Removed obvious UI elements like headers, titles, and bright colors that could attract attention
- **More Transparent Elements**: All UI components now blend better with the background using increased transparency

These enhancements make the application even more difficult to detect during proctored exams while providing additional functionality for effective problem-solving assistance.

## Dual Mode Support

The application now supports two different modes to handle different types of interview questions:

### Coding Mode
The classic mode designed for programming questions:
- Extract problem statements, constraints, and examples from screenshots
- Generate complete, optimized code solutions with detailed explanations
- Provide time and space complexity analysis
- Debug code with structured feedback

### MCQ Mode (New!)
A specialized mode for multiple-choice questions:
- Extract questions and answer options from screenshots
- Identify the correct answer with detailed explanations
- Provide analysis of why each option is correct or incorrect
- Highlight key concepts being tested in each question

Switch between modes easily through the Settings dialog. The app will automatically save your preference and optimize extraction and analysis for your selected mode.

## Global Commands

The application uses unidentifiable global keyboard shortcuts that won't be detected by browsers or other applications:

- Toggle Window Visibility: [Control or Cmd + B]
- Move Window: [Control or Cmd + Arrow keys]
- Take Screenshot: [Control or Cmd + H]
- Toggle between MCQ and Coding mode: [Control or Cmd + M]
- Delete Last Screenshot: [Control or Cmd + L]
- Process Screenshots: [Control or Cmd + Enter]
- Start New Problem: [Control or Cmd + R]
- Quit: [Control or Cmd + Q]
- Decrease Opacity: [Control or Cmd + []
- Increase Opacity: [Control or Cmd + ]]
- Zoom Out: [Control or Cmd + -]
- Reset Zoom: [Control or Cmd + 0]
- Zoom In: [Control or Cmd + =]
- **New! Restart Application**: [Control or Cmd + Alt + R]

## Invisibility Compatibility

The application is invisible to:

- Zoom versions below 6.1.6 (inclusive)
- All browser-based screen recording software
- All versions of Discord
- Mac OS _screenshot_ functionality (Command + Shift + 3/4)

Note: The application is **NOT** invisible to:

- Zoom versions 6.1.6 and above
  - https://zoom.en.uptodown.com/mac/versions (link to downgrade Zoom if needed)
- Mac OS native screen _recording_ (Command + Shift + 5)

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or bun package manager
- API Key from one of the supported providers (OpenAI, Gemini, or Anthropic)
- Screen Recording Permission for Terminal/IDE
  - On macOS:
    1. Go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Screen Recording
    2. Ensure that CodeInterviewAssist has screen recording permission enabled
    3. Restart CodeInterviewAssist after enabling permissions
  - On Windows:
    - No additional permissions needed
  - On Linux:
    - May require `xhost` access depending on your distribution

## Running the Application

### Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/greeneu/interview-coder-withoupaywall-opensource.git
cd interview-coder-withoupaywall-opensource
```

2. Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

3. **RECOMMENDED**: Clean any previous builds:

```bash
npm run clean
```

4. Run the appropriate script for your platform:

**For Windows:**
```bash
stealth-run.bat
```

**For macOS/Linux:**
```bash
# Make the script executable first
chmod +x stealth-run.sh
./stealth-run.sh
```

**IMPORTANT**: The application window will be invisible by default! Use Ctrl+B (or Cmd+B on Mac) to toggle visibility.

### Building Distributable Packages

To create installable packages for distribution:

**For macOS (DMG):**
```bash
# Using npm
npm run package-mac

# Or using yarn
yarn package-mac
```

**For Windows (Installer):**
```bash
# Using npm
npm run package-win

# Or using yarn
yarn package-win
```

The packaged applications will be available in the `release` directory.

**What the scripts do:**
- Create necessary directories for the application
- Clean previous builds to ensure a fresh start
- Build the application in production mode
- Launch the application in invisible mode

### Using the MCQ Mode

To use the new Multiple Choice Question (MCQ) mode:

1. **Switch to MCQ mode:**
   - Open the Settings dialog (gear icon)
   - In the "App Mode" section, select "MCQ Mode" 
   - Save your settings

2. **Capture MCQ questions:**
   - Take screenshots of multiple choice questions using [Control or Cmd + H]
   - The AI will recognize question text and options in various formats (numbered, lettered, etc.)

3. **Process the MCQ screenshots:**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + Enter] to analyze the screenshots
   - The system will extract questions, identify options, and determine the correct answers

4. **View detailed MCQ analysis:**
   - For each question, you'll see:
     - The full question text with all options
     - The correct answer clearly identified
     - Detailed explanation of why the answer is correct
     - Analysis of why other options are incorrect
     - Key concepts being tested in the question

5. **Start a new MCQ session:**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + R] to clear the current session and start fresh

The MCQ mode works with various question formats, including:
- Standard numbered questions (1, 2, 3...)
- Lettered questions (a, b, c...)
- Questions with lettered options (A, B, C, D)
- Questions with numbered options (1, 2, 3, 4)

### Notes & Troubleshooting

- **Window Manager Compatibility**: Some window management tools (like Rectangle Pro on macOS) may interfere with the app's window movement. Consider disabling them temporarily.

- **API Usage**: Be mindful of your API key's rate limits and credit usage. Vision API calls are more expensive than text-only calls.

- **LLM Customization**: You can easily customize the app to include other LLMs by modifying the API calls in `ProcessingHelper.ts` and related UI components.

- **Using Text Input**: The text input field is available from app startup. Use it to:
  - Add context about the problem that may not be visible in screenshots
  - Provide additional details for debugging (error messages, specific requirements)
  - Submit code snippets that you want analyzed alongside screenshots
  - Press Ctrl+Enter to quickly add your text input without clicking buttons

- **Common Issues**:
  - Run `npm run clean` before starting the app for a fresh build
  - Use Ctrl+B/Cmd+B multiple times if the window doesn't appear
  - Adjust window opacity with Ctrl+[/]/Cmd+[/] if needed
  - For macOS: ensure script has execute permissions (`chmod +x stealth-run.sh`)
  - For MCQ mode: if question extraction is inconsistent, try capturing clearer screenshots
  - If app becomes unresponsive: use Ctrl+Alt+R/Cmd+Alt+R to restart it without exiting to terminal
  - If text field doesn't keep focus: click it again or press Ctrl+B/Cmd+B to hide/show the window

## Comparison with Paid Interview Tools

| Feature | Premium Tools (Paid) | CodeInterviewAssist (This Project) |
|---------|------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| Price | $60/month subscription | Free (only pay for your API usage) |
| Solution Generation | ✅ | ✅ |
| Debugging Assistance | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multiple Choice Support | ✅ | ✅ |
| Invisibility | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multi-language Support | ✅ | ✅ |
| Time/Space Complexity Analysis | ✅ | ✅ |
| Window Management | ✅ | ✅ |
| Multiple AI Provider Support | ❌ | ✅ |
| Auth System | Required | None (Simplified) |
| Payment Processing | Required | None (Use your own API key) |
| Privacy | Server-processed | 100% Local Processing |
| Customization | Limited | Full Source Code Access |
| Model Selection | Limited | Choice Between Models |

## Tech Stack

- Electron
- React
- TypeScript
- Vite
- Tailwind CSS
- Radix UI Components
- OpenAI/Gemini/Claude API Integration

## How It Works

1. **Initial Setup**
   - Launch the invisible window
   - Enter your API key in the settings
   - Choose your preferred model for extraction, solution generation, and debugging
   - Select your preferred mode (Coding or MCQ)

2. **Capturing Problems**
   - Use global shortcut [Control or Cmd + H] to take screenshots
   - Screenshots are automatically added to the queue
   - Add supplementary text context in the text input field (new!)
   - If needed, remove the last screenshot with [Control or Cmd + L]

3. **Processing**
   - Press [Control or Cmd + Enter] to analyze the screenshots and text input
   - AI extracts problem requirements or MCQ questions from the screenshots
   - Any additional text context is incorporated into the analysis
   - The model generates solutions or answers based on the extracted information
   - All analysis is done using your personal API key

4. **Solution & Debugging**
   - **Coding Mode**: View generated solutions with detailed explanations and complexity analysis
   - **MCQ Mode**: Get detailed analysis of each question with correct answers and explanations
   - Use debugging feature by taking more screenshots of error messages or code (Coding mode)
   - Add additional context through the text input field for more precise debugging
   - Get structured analysis with identified issues, corrections, and optimizations
   - Toggle between solutions and queue views as needed

5. **Window Management**
   - Move window using [Control or Cmd + Arrow keys]
   - Toggle visibility with [Control or Cmd + B]
   - Adjust opacity with [Control or Cmd + [] and [Control or Cmd + ]]
   - Window remains invisible to specified screen sharing applications
   - Start a new problem using [Control or Cmd + R]
   - Restart the application if it becomes unresponsive using [Control or Cmd + Alt + R]

6. **Language Selection**
   - Easily switch between programming languages with a single click
   - Use arrow keys for keyboard navigation through available languages
   - The system dynamically adapts to any languages added or removed from the codebase
   - Your language preference is saved between sessions

## Configuration

- **API Key**: Your personal API key is stored locally and only used for API calls to your chosen provider
- **API Provider**: Choose between OpenAI, Gemini, and Anthropic (Claude)
- **Mode Selection**: Choose between Coding Mode and MCQ Mode based on your interview type
- **Model Selection**: Select different models for each stage of processing:
  - Problem Extraction: Analyzes screenshots to understand the problem
  - Solution Generation: Creates solutions with explanations
  - Debugging: Provides detailed analysis of errors and improvement suggestions
- **Language**: Select your preferred programming language for solutions (in Coding mode)
- **Window Controls**: Adjust opacity, position, and zoom level using keyboard shortcuts
- **All settings are stored locally** in your user data directory and persist between sessions

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0).

### What This Means

- You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software
- If you modify the code, you must make your changes available under the same license
- If you run a modified version on a network server, you must make the source code available to users
- We strongly encourage you to contribute improvements back to the main project

See the [LICENSE-SHORT](LICENSE-SHORT) file for a summary of terms or visit [GNU AGPL-3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html) for the full license text.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

## Disclaimer and Ethical Usage

This tool is intended as a learning aid and practice assistant. While it can help you understand problems and solution approaches during interviews, consider these ethical guidelines:

- Be honest about using assistance tools if asked directly in an interview
- Use this tool to learn concepts, not just to get answers
- Recognize that understanding solutions is more valuable than simply presenting them
- In take-home assignments, make sure you thoroughly understand any solutions you submit

Remember that the purpose of technical interviews is to assess your problem-solving skills and understanding. This tool works best when used to enhance your learning, not as a substitute for it.

## Support and Questions

If you have questions or need support, please open an issue on the GitHub repository.

---

> **Remember:** This is a community resource. If you find it valuable, consider contributing rather than just requesting features. The project grows through collective effort, not individual demands.
